# LICENSE-PLATE-DETECTION
AUTOMATIC LICENSE PLATE DETECTION AND  RECOGNITION‚Äù
Recognition of cars is very important for the control and surveillance systems. Automobiles 
can be recognized by number plates, which contains a unique combination of alphabets and 
numbers. However, it's a hard and intensive job for humans to manually recognize all the 
parked or passing car number plates. In this paper, we approach a training-based pathway for 
vehicle number plate recognition. Most of the previous works in automatic number plate 
recognition (ANPR) systems have limitations in their working conditions, like for example 
restricting them to stationary backgrounds, indoor area, restricted vehicle speeds, prescribed 
driveways, fixed illumination, or match the predefined distance between camera and vehicle. 
The main objective of our work is to create a robust number plate recognition model that 
works under different illuminations and angles. We created our recognition model by training 
on our manually collected car number plate dataset using YOLO-V3. The algorithm has been 
tested over 640 images which are of different colors, and illuminations. In this project, an 
efficient approach has been proposed to localize every clearly visible object from an image. 
For object detection we have processed every input image to overcome several complexities, 
to achieve better result we use object detection algorithm. We will also implement 
Convolution Neural Network based on object detection model i.e YOLO-V3. Finally, single 
character within the registration code is detected. The aim is to indicate that the planned 
technique achieved high accuracy by optimizing numerous parameters that has higher 
recognition rate than the standard ways
